[Olivia] Stan, you need
to get here as fast as you can.
I'm worried about you.
For all we know,
CID already has him in custody.
Yeah? Then why haven't we heard
from Nitesh or Maryanne?
I'm sure there's a logical explanation.
There were ambulances at the safe house.
Sit tight. I'll be at the motel soon.
-We'll talk to Hans.
-[device clicking]
[grunting]
No. [clears throat]
It can't be.
Can't be what?
Him. He's here.
Oh, my God. Stan.
You have to get out of there.
[groaning]
Stan?
Are you there? Stan!
[shouting]
Stan?
Stan!
I'm just saying I don't understand.
The way you're saying it
sounds like you don't trust me.
Then let me start over.
I love you.
And whatever this is--
-This is cancer.
-Maybe.
That's why you got the blood test.
To get a second opinion.
What I don't understand
is why the bureau wouldn't let you
give the oncologist the drug test.
I don't know.
I know you're an amazing instructor,
but would our national security
really be at risk
if someone else trained the cadets?
What can I say?
I'm that good.
When you stopped being a field agent,
I thought you were safe.
Now this.
I wish I could protect you.
You do.
In every way that matters.
Hey.
I do trust you.
[knocking on door]
I'm here to see Raymond.
He said it was urgent.
Raymond is troubled.
Some man and his airfields.
Jovan Lović?
Raymond wanted to meet.
The man refused because of you.
Me?
I didn't do this to hurt him.
Dembe.
The Havana Syndrome.
What do you know about it?
It's a series of ailments.
Headaches, fatigue,
vertigo, blurred vision,
first reported
by American diplomats in Cuba,
later by U.S. personnel
in embassies around the world.
Mysterious ailments
caused by a mysterious weapon.
A directed-energy weapon.
Mierce, those are delicious.
You are a wonder.
I can't imagine a life
without either of them.
Mystery weapon.
Do you know how to locate one?
I know that one has recently gone missing.
One that this country
and this country's enemies
would love to get their hands on.
I thought the weapons
were made by our enemies.
Well, in the Yankee-Doodle spirit of,
"Any way you can kill, I can kill better,"
the Americans transformed
Cuba's peashooter model
into a particularly fearsome iteration
that has the potential to usher in
a brutal new form of guerrilla warfare.
-About Jovan Lović--
-Lović is my problem.
The problem you should focus on
is finding this weapon.
These weapons can disable people
by sending highly powered energy waves
through walls, floors, ceilings
without detection.
According to Raymond,
the Pentagon responded to the attacks
by tasking DARPA to design one.
Which they did,
only for the chief engineer to disappear
along with the prototype.
What do we know about him?
His name is Dr. Benjamin Okara.
Immigrated to the U.S.
from Lagos when he was 10.
Agent Park. Welcome to the party.
Sorry, I got in my car
and ended up at the academy.
Habit, I guess.
Okara has a PhD
in electrical engineering from MIT,
where he won the unusual distinction
of being the only summa cum laude graduate
to have been suspended four times.
The last one was for assembling
a Zamboni in the faculty dining hall.
AI-enabled target processing,
hypersonic missile defense.
Quite the résumé.
Did Reddington say why he went rogue?
[Dembe] Only that the weapon can fetch
a fortune on the black market.
It's equally possible
he's been turned. We don't know.
We may not know his motives,
but we can find out about the weapon.
Park, Ressler, get over to DARPA.
We need to know what this is capable of.
What are you doing here?
You sound like Peter.
You told him. Good.
Of course.
Then I lied about how I found out
and why I couldn't give
the oncologist my drug test.
Because it was my test using your urine.
Which, if you hadn't given,
you wouldn't know something was wrong.
So you're welcome.
Agents Ressler and Park are here.
Please come in. Your office called to say
you were on your way.
-You know why we're here.
-I do. As I told
the gentleman I spoke with,
I can't comment on classified projects.
We know about the directed-energy weapon.
That Okara supervised it.
That he's taken it
and gone who knows where.
We were kind of hoping
you were the who who knows.
I'm sorry, but I can't confirm or deny
even the existence of classified projects.
What about the scientists?
Can you tell us who worked on the project?
Or if the military has begun
an investigation?
[Reiss] I wish I could.
I can't even speculate
about personnel or investigations
that may or may not be connected
to classified projects
that may or may not exist.
You know what isn't speculative?
A powerful weapon is missing.
It could do incredible damage.
You're too busy covering your ass
to help us prevent that from happening.
I'm late for a meeting.
Alison will show you out.
DARPA is investigating.
-Sorry?
-The project's secret
and they don't want any leaks,
but Reiss has been on the phone
with investigators every day this week.
-There were five scientists.
-Were?
Stan Rogers was killed in a car crash.
What about the others?
No one knows.
It's like they all disappeared.
[Park] The whole team is missing?
We need their names. Can you do that?
[cell phone ringing]
Hans? Listen, Stan's missing--
[male voice] Desert. Ash. Beware.
Oh, my God.
-[device clicking]
-[shouting]
[Cooper] The ballistics match.
The ones from the report
and my service weapon.
It doesn't mean you did it.
The bullet that shot Doug Koster
came from my gun.
It's been eight years.
He's in our past. What?
You get drunk and kill him?
I went to the precinct.
I was gonna confess.
I can't remember what happened.
I wish you had.
Turned myself in?
Told the truth.
If you don't and they find the ballistics,
no one's gonna believe you're innocent.
[knocking on door]
Oh. Sorry.
We have an update on the scientists.
I'll be right down.
I sent a blood sample
to find out if I was drugged.
-When will you get the results?
-A week.
Maybe more. Until then,
I'm not admitting to anything.
-If the police find out--
-A friend ran ballistics.
No one else knows. No one's gonna know.
We have a lot to worry about,
but the police finding out
about my involvement isn't one of them.
I'll talk to you later.
First, the scientists.
Olivia Martinez, Nitesh Shah.
Maryanne Sims, Hans Fielder, Stan Rodgers.
All worked for Okara.
As of yesterday, all are missing.
Next, cause of death.
The radiologist who examined Rodgers
says his brain damage is worse
than what he suffered in the crash.
Meaning Okara
may have used the prototype on him.
Why would Okara do that?
Use it on a colleague?
If his goal was to sell it,
that makes no sense.
They know how the device works.
If he gets rid of them,
he secures exclusive access for his buyer.
And provides a demonstration
of the technology's capabilities.
Okay. I just hung up
with Olivia Martinez's husband.
He spoke to her last night.
She was scared.
All she'd say was she was at a motel
waiting to meet a colleague.
I back-traced the call.
Her burner pinged a tower in South East
that covers 30 square blocks
with two motels.
One's closed for renovations.
The other is the Oak Leaf
on Rhode Island and 6th.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Raymond] Jovan, this is an easy deal.
You have my old airfields.
I have business
that requires access to them.
Now, I'm told you have concerns,
so let me assure you,
the sudden conversion
of a former colleague
will absolutely not interfere
with an otherwise
profitable collaboration.
He converted to a federal agent.
Yes. And as a result,
has been entirely cut off.
From my operations, my accounts,
my whereabouts
and all the people I do business with.
So you say.
But how can we be sure
you're not still in contact?
[Raymond] I am still in contact.
Believe me, having him at an arm's length
is better than having him sneak behind me.
He will not be a problem.
We need to be sure.
Killing him would be sure.
Killing an FBI agent,
under any circumstances,
is proof of only one thing, stupidity.
Killing an agent
who was a former associate
is both stupid and bad business.
They'd assign even more than
the usual number of buzz-cuts to find me,
which might jeopardize
our collaboration.
So unless there are any
other helpful suggestions--
You calling me stupid?
[in Serbian] More or less.
[in English]
I'm not sure the idiom translates. So yes.
Cute, isn't she? You should
see what she does with a chicken.
Wrings it, bleeds it and plucks it
before it ever knows it was dead.
Do you have a proposal?
In exchange for access to the airfields,
I'll settle your dispute with Jilal,
guarantee safe passage for your product,
and secure a place for your granddaughter
in Brearley's kindergarten class.
Run the numbers.
I think you'll find
your profits will soar,
to say nothing
of Desanka's block-building skills.
I will consider it.
While you do, consider this.
Dembe Zuma is my responsibility.
If anything is to be done,
good or bad,
I will be the one doing it.
I lied about my drug test
to hide an addiction I'm trying to break.
I'm not proud of it but there is a certain
amount of twisted internal logic.
But what you're doing,
there's no logic to it at all.
You tell Peter about the diagnosis
but not the job.
You tell Cooper about the job
but not the diagnosis.
Except for me, you're hiding
something from everyone.
What makes you think
I'm not hiding something?
There's only so many deceptions
you can squeeze into one day.
I'm not deceiving you.
I'm just holding back.
What?
The floodgates.
What do you mean, like tears?
Men. Honestly.
-[knocking on door]
-[Park] FBI!
Olivia, can you hear me? Are you in there?
[suspenseful music playing]
She's dead.
911 operator.
This is Agent Park with the FBI.
I need police to respond to my location.
You got a call.
Patched through from Hoover.
Anything from the motel?
We were too late.
Olivia Martinez is dead.
The desk manager's badly injured
and Okara is gone.
I wanna see Park and Ressler
as soon as they get back.
Harold Cooper.
[Heber over phone] Yeah, hi.
This is Detective Marcus Heber, MPD.
How can I help you?
I was hoping I could ask you
a few questions.
Oh? What about?
The murder of Doug Koster.
[Ressler] There's one dead, four injured.
Martinez in Room 29, the guests
in Rooms 28 and 30, plus the manager.
We don't have a cause of death,
but the symptoms
are consistent with directed energy.
[Ressler] Okara aimed at Martinez
and the others suffered peripheral damage.
Significant but not fatal.
We're pulling CCTV.
We'll compare it to what we have
from where Okara's first victim was.
-Still no cooperation from DARPA?
-None.
The Pentagon locked down the scene,
sent in CID investigators.
There was a notepad.
Top page was blank but it had markings.
So we traced them
and came up with some kind of code,
something Martinez may have written down.
It's three words. "Desert, ash, beware."
The slashes made us think
it was a website.
All we got were a list of movies
to beware of watching on a desert island.
It's not a website.
It's an app.
-Do you know what it means?
-Not yet.
But the app is called WordWorld3.
And it is a way to communicate locations
by converting GPS coordinates
into three-word addresses.
"Desert, ash, beware" is a place?
[Aram] The app divides the world
into 57 trillion 9-meter squares.
That is trillion with a T.
And this one is at 4453 Wentworth Ave.
Olivia's husband said she was
looking for a place to hide.
She didn't get there, but maybe some
of her colleagues did?
Sir?
Right. Uh, Wentworth Avenue.
Park, Agent Zuma, see what you can find.
Detective.
Thanks for coming.
Let's talk in my office.
A for...
That's gonna be good.
E.
That's a gun in your back.
In case you're wondering,
on the off chance
you're capable of wonder,
I have eyes
in the back of my head.
I don't draw a breath without knowing
my perimeter is secure.
It's why I'm still alive
and it's why we made you
about an hour ago.
So why are you here?
Is it Dembe?
Or does Jovan think I'm angling
for his used-to-be-mine airfields?
Or is this about me calling you stupid?
Which, under the circumstances,
I think you'll agree
was a gross understatement.
Go to hell.
Someday.
Weecha, it's time to feed the armadillo.
After you.
We've met before. Outside Koster's house.
Yes. The morning after.
Said you were there to see
what the commotion was about.
Seemed there was more
so I jotted down your plate number.
Imagine my surprise to learn you're FBI,
and someone I gotta sign an NDA
just to get in to see.
You're doing something important
so I don't wanna take up too much time.
Doug was my neighbor for many years.
When I heard he'd been killed,
I drove by to see what was going on.
You and Koster were close?
Not particularly.
Doug and my wife had an affair years ago.
Though I suspect you already know.
Mr. Koster's body
was found in the doorway.
No sign of forced entry.
Seemed like he knew the person.
I wasn't fond of the man.
I wasn't near his house the night he died.
I was at a retirement party
at the Tap Room on U Street.
ME's report has time of death
between 3 and 5 a.m.
Pretty late for a retirement party.
I left around 11.
Went straight home.
Was anyone there? At home?
It's not an alibi.
It's the truth.
I'm sure it is.
But you know how this works.
I was with my wife.
[Hans] Olivia?
Olivia, is that you?
-Drop the gun!
-Put the gun down!
-Put it down!
We're FBI agents.
Hans, right?
Hans Fielder?
-How did you find me?
-Desert, ash, beware.
We found the message in Olivia's room.
You saw her.
Is she all right?
Olivia is dead.
Please.
We're here to help.
I'm sorry but is everything all right?
It's fine.
Good. I didn't know if the officer
was here about Charlene's friend.
The footage. Tell me.
Right, a blue van was in both,
the plates are bogus,
the registration is to a P.O. Box.
Pull the financials on the box,
put out an APB on the van.
If we find it, we find Okara.
Ben was our friend.
He knew why this weapon
should never be used.
It was used against him in Cuba.
He worked in the Havana embassy?
[Hans] He was sent there to study
the effects of the weapon.
When he got back, he had them too.
Tremors, light sensitivity, headaches.
[Park] So he comes to DARPA to build
an even more powerful weapon, steals it
and turns it on his colleagues
you say he cares about.
[Hans] He did more than steal it.
He wiped our research from the database.
Even if DARPA wanted to rebuild it,
they wouldn't know how.
And the wire?
We also found this in Olivia's room.
We thought metal would absorb the energy
and act as an early warning system.
When it glows,
we'd know an attack was about to begin.
[cell phone ringing]
It's Aram.
I'll take it outside.
We're gonna take you in. Keep you safe.
Not until I find the others.
I won't leave Nitesh and Maryanne.
He found Stan and Olivia.
-I can't let him find them.
-To prevent that, you need to help us.
And that starts by letting us take you in.
It's not safe here.
Okay.
Can I grab my phone?
We found Hans Fielder.
He needs protection.
A safe house until this is over.
[Aram] I'll make the arrangements.
Here's what we know.
All right. I'm ready.
[groans]
Dembe!
-[device clicking]
-[grunting]
[suspenseful music playing]
A blue van at both scenes.
[tires screeching]
Alina!
Alina, don't move.
This is Zuma.
I need a Level 2 activation in Madison,
Virginia, code Echo-Charlie-One.
[Herbert] That code is no longer valid.
-Herbert, you know me.
-I need a valid code.
Damn it. Send the helicopter now!
Chopper inbound, ten minutes.
I told you, I wrote it all down.
Teddy is recovering from
a valve replacement in Rochester.
Edna's with him there, so she asked
if their son, Geoffrey, can fill in.
I'll remember the nipples,
I swear. Don't get Dad--
Edna? It's Raymond.
Yes.
Listen, Geoffrey will be fine,
so please, wish Teddy a refuah shlema
and leave the boy alone.
Thank you, Edna.
-Why no armadillo?
-Dad says I'm not ready for mammals.
The shellfish will suffice.
Can we get you anything else?
-I forgot the cracks and picks.
-Easy-peasy.
[cell phone ringing]
And maybe some bibs and butter to be safe.
Lemon-squeezy. He's in the back.
Yes?
Say that again?
[cell phone ringing]
-Raymond.
-You're in or you're out.
You can't be both. It's one or the other.
-Emergency transport was too far.
-In or out?
-If I had not called Herbert--
-Herbert has been let go.
Because he helped me give Alina a chance?
We still don't know
the extent of the damage.
I understand, and I hope
Agent Park makes a full recovery,
but perhaps I didn't explain
the extent of the problem
you joining the FBI has caused.
My association with the FBI
has always been difficult to conceal.
But you being an agent
makes it impossible,
unless you and I
strictly adhere to the rules.
If I do anything to assist you
in a way that involves
other people from my world,
it could be fatal to me.
Despite our recent unpleasantness,
I would hope that would be
sufficient enough to stay your hand.
[cell phone ringing]
-Harold.
-[Cooper] Agent Park owes you her life.
So I'm told.
We traced the registration on a P.O. Box
Okara uses to an offshore account.
In the days since he stole the prototype,
Okara has used the account
to make multiple payments
to Constantine's Meats and Cheeses.
-Ah. Sherwin.
-Sherwin?
Sherwin Ellis. He's Constantine.
He is? A man named Sherwin?
-He's in the safe haven business,
-[phone ringing]
rental spaces that are off the books
and under the radar.
-Yours, but certainly not mine.
-[cell phone beeps]
Sorry, I was in the middle of something.
He called me, the detective.
I know. I left you a message he would.
I told you to tell the truth.
If you didn't and the police found out,
they won't believe you.
I know. Maybe I should have.
Maybe? You're a cop!
And maybe that's why I didn't.
I know how cops think.
If it walks like a duck and quacks
like a duck, why look any further?
Well, now they're looking at me.
To confirm your alibi.
Which we both know is a lie.
Harold, I love you.
You're the most honest man that I know.
But you need to tell me
if that's what you want,
for me to lie to the police.
Is that what you want?
Yes. It is.
Sherwin.
-Thank you for coming.
-My pleasure.
Crackers, picks, butter and bib?
-Yep.
-[Raymond] Great.
Please have a seat.
I understand business is good.
I asked you here because
I want to make it even better.
I didn't know you were
in a position to do that.
You mean my sabbatical?
That's over for the time being.
I'm back and looking to find
a client of yours.
I have his offshore account.
You can use it to trace his name.
Give me his whereabouts and I'll give--
-Well, we should discuss what I give you.
-I appreciate that.
And if this was two years ago,
I wouldn't hesitate.
But...
in our business,
people don't really
come back from sabbaticals.
Not with any clout, anyway.
Perhaps this will convince you otherwise.
You work with the Skinner.
No. I am the Skinner.
A venture which will require
the use of facilities around the globe.
Perhaps your facilities.
All I need from you is an address.
Reddington got an address on Okara,
to a facility he's been renting.
A machine shop in Newport News,
2804 Hazelton Road.
I'll get a tac team to meet us on site.
Any update on Park?
She's conscious, but it's not clear
whether there'll be lasting effects.
-She was out of the direct line of fire.
-Thank God.
Monitor her progress.
Did you speak to her husband?
I told him there'd been an accident.
He's on his way to the hospital now.
But as far as he knows,
Park still works at Quantico.
I tried telling her secrets
aren't healthy and won't keep.
But it's easy to give advice.
It's a lot harder to take it.
He talked.
Turns out, his sweet spot
was between the toes.
If you don't mind,
I told Mom I'd call as soon--
His assignment, what was it?
His boss wants to know
what to make of you and Dembe.
What does he make of Dembe?
That he's a fed
and that he knows too much.
Jovan has ordered a hit?
He knows it's happening,
but he didn't know when or where.
I used Mom's go-to just to make sure.
Thank you, Geoffrey.
Your parents will be very proud.
-You said there are rules.
-I know.
-If you veer from them--
-I know what I said.
If you try to assist Dembe,
it could be fatal to you.
It could be. But if I don't,
it will be fatal to Dembe.
My job is to protect you.
I can't do that
if you won't protect yourself.
You can't sacrifice yourself for him.
In the past, yes. But not today.
He was in...
now he's out.
This is the consequence,
and you have to accept it.
[tires screeching]
There's the van. The van.
Hands, hands. Show me your hands.
Your hands where I can see them.
I'll open the door, okay?
That's it. Just the door.
Get your people
to the other side of the building.
-You don't want to do this.
-No, I don't.
But I have to.
I make weapons. I know how they work.
The blast radius, I'm very precise.
You need to get back.
I understand this is a sensitive topic.
You want to know if I think
my husband murdered my ex-lover.
Yes, detective,
I'd say it's quite sensitive.
How did your husband find out
you and Mr. Koster were involved?
I told him.
The affair had been over for a while,
but I couldn't keep it
a secret any longer.
Did he express anger toward Mr. Koster?
Of course he did.
Wouldn't you?
On the night of the 24th, your husband
said he was at a retirement party.
-That's right.
-What time did he come home?
I love my husband,
but I won't lie for him.
He knows that.
We did what you asked.
Now get out of the van.
Good.
This is good. Thank you.
How can we help you? What do you need?
How can we resolve this
without anyone else getting hurt?
I don't wanna hurt anyone.
What about Hans, Olivia, Stan?
-You don't understand.
-[Ressler] No, we don't. So help us.
Why are you killing your colleagues?
Why would you do that?
They knew how to build it.
You wanted to be the only one who could?
So you could sell this weapon
and your ability to build it?
Sell it? Is that what you think I want?
You really don't understand.
Is it in the van, the device?
You wanna see it?
Because it's like a magic trick.
A weapon that goes through walls.
A tool of repression so powerful
that with the push of a button,
thousands of protestors wouldn't be able
to remember how to tie their shoes,
let alone what they'd been protesting.
And like any good trick,
you don't just wanna see it...
you wanna know how it works
so you can do it yourself.
So this country can build
a thousand just like it,
a weapon not of mass destruction,
but of mass...
suffering.
And I can't let that happen.
You wanna destroy it.
The magic trick and the six people
who know how to build it.
Six?
I killed five people I loved...
to protect thousands I don't.
And you're the sixth.
[Aram] Someone else is gonna
figure it out, how to make what you did.
You can't stop that from happening.
It's more than you can see. The pain.
It's in my head, my joints.
My eyes.
No, I can't stop it from being rebuilt.
But if I bought the world
a year or two or five,
that's something.
It's up to you to do the rest.
[Jovan] There has been no contact
between Reddington and Zuma?
He hasn't been out of my sight.
Then he and I can do business.
[mouthing] Dembe.
What about Zuma?
I called in a few favors,
found where he lives.
[Vasko]
What happens when Reddington finds out?
He will thank me for doing
what he knows he should have.
[cell phone beeps]
Thank you. You did well.
[gasping]
[ominous music playing]
I didn't adhere to our rules.
I violated them for you.
Now I need you
to violate them again for me.
There, from the weapon
you won't confirm or deny,
weapon that was used to kill
two scientists before we spoke,
that thanks to your cover-up
was used to kill four more.
It's okay. It's fine.
Whatever this is,
it's beyond your purview.
Six people are dead.
This country is in a constant
state of war, Agent Ressler.
It may not be declared, but it's being
fought by the Pentagon, not the FBI.
Six people are dead
and my partner is in the ICU.
Sorry to hear that.
Not as sorry as you are to lose
the technology that built that.
True story.
Calculus was discovered
independently by Newton and Leibniz.
A great leap forward
imagined simultaneously.
In my experience,
great leaps forward usually are.
There's someone else.
You've got another team
working on directed-energy.
So Okara was Newton, but Leibniz,
he's still working on it.
All that, everything Okara did,
you're not gonna miss a beat, are you?
I cannot confirm or deny
even the existence of classified projects.
Sakiya and Fudo are on their way.
Jovan came for you
because you're a federal agent.
He'll come for me because I protected you.
How will he know?
One dead, he may misread.
Two dead, the tea leaves
will clearly indicate you and I are...
still in cahoots.
Ah. Maybe we actually are.
[Dembe] I almost opened it
after Brasilia.
I don't know why I didn't.
Our past, I suppose.
Not our future?
You said you wanted something in return.
You did this for me.
What do you expect me to do for you?
No more, no less. An eye for an eye.
Jovan.
He knows about us.
Or he's about to find out.
I killed Sima to protect you.
Kill Jovan to protect me.
I can't do that.
So you're in when it suits you
and out when it doesn't?
Why does it have to be
one way or the other?
Why can't it just be?
My old friend knew the answer to that.
[knocking on door]
-Hey.
How are you feeling?
Like a sledgehammer's taken up
residence in my cerebral cortex.
-Donald Ressler. We spoke on the phone.
-Yeah, we did.
-So you told him.
-[Peter] Yeah, she told me.
-Well, I'm glad.
-[Peter] Great.
That's great.
Peter.
I'll be outside. It was good to meet you.
Hey, doc. Been checking
your DSM on how to treat wounds
from a directed-energy weapon?
You do pose a challenge,
but we'll get to that.
We have other things to discuss,
like your blood test.
[Heber] Spoke to your wife.
She backed up your alibi.
As I said,
it's not an alibi, it's the truth.
Well, whatever it is,
she backed you up, so we're good.
No hard feelings?
None. You were just doing your job.
Take care.
My blood test? My GP sent it over?
[doctor] She did. I just got the results.
Elevated levels of HCG were detected,
which explains
why you weren't feeling well.
So it is cancer?
Elevated HCG can indicate
testicular cancer in men, but--
You're saying she doesn't have cancer?
No. She most definitely does not.
What it means is you were pregnant.
Oh, my God.
What, pregnant?
Honey...
You said "were"?
Yes. I did.
♪ Nosebleed ♪
♪ Woke up in a black dream ♪
♪ Firing at warp speed ♪
♪ In my mind ♪
♪ Oh, my ♪
♪ Who's she? ♪
♪ Naked in the sweet grass... ♪
Thank you.
♪ Who am I? ♪
♪ Who are we living for? ♪
♪ Who are we living for... ♪
[speaking in Arabic]
Vasko?
[in Serbian] We need to leave!
♪ Who are we living for... ♪
[in English] Milos?
♪ Nobody seems to know... ♪
[cell phone buzzing]
Yeah?
It's done.
Come home, Weecha.
♪ Driving me crazy ♪
♪ Shake me to the core ♪
♪ Who are we living for? ♪
♪ Who are we living for... ♪
I want you to keep that box,
and on the day you decide to leave--
I'm not going to leave.
But you can.
At any point of your own choosing.
I'll insist that you do.
No questions asked, no debts accrued.
Whether it's today or tomorrow,
or ten years from now...
that's when you open the box.
♪ All lost inside our head ♪
♪ Lost inside our head ♪
♪ Pink matter, green matter, purple sky
Love matter, you matter, you and I ♪
♪ Dark matter, green matter, get me high
About the future ♪
♪ Bright diamond, black diamond... ♪
Hey.
Wanna know what the logic is?
Why I keep secrets?
I do it because I'm terrified.
Of what?
The floodgates.
And no, they're not tears.
I'm afraid of losing control.
Of what happens to me when I do.
So I just...
hold everything in.
Until I can't--
[voice breaking]
Until I can't hold it in anymore.
[sobbing]
It's okay. It's okay. Let it out.
We were so happy, you and I, and Weecha.
Raymond, come to bed.
I should never have come back.
Come, Raymond.
[theme song playing]